Narna teaches webdev
======

First group of tasks I'll be giving, hope they're not to stupidly hard. Also, don't look at the solutions you slacker.

Requirements
------------

* Editor `Notepad, Sublime Text, etc.`
* Browser `IE10, FF20+, Chrome 15+, etc.`

References
--------

* [Mozilla Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web)
* [jQuery Api Docs](http://api.jquery.com/)
* [jQuery Learn](http://learn.jquery.com)

Tasks
-----

### 1. Grid of Dots
The purpose of this task will be to teach you multiple ways of making a grid of dots, starting with an image and hardcoding and moving to a complete jQuery plugin.

Facts about the grid:

* Height and width of the grid is *always* `7` dots
* Height and width of the dots is *always* `30px`
* Dots have `2px` margin *left* and *right* when being added through Javascript
* The grid has a width of `7 * dot width + 28`
* The base format of a dot is `<span class="dot"></span>`
* A dot requires `display:inline-block;` or it will not show up
* If I say no changes to be made do read the file, it may ask you to copy stuff from other tasks which is allowed (and required)

#### 1A
There is an image attached to this workspace called `dotgrid.png`, all you have to do is add it to `index.html`

#### 1B
Just add `7*7` dots to `index.html`, each `7` of them split by a breakline.
All the styling required for the dots may be used in the styletag like `<span style="dotstuff..."></span>`

#### 1C
Add `7*7` dots to`index.html`, but no breaklines this time.
All the styling goes in `style.css` and the width of the grid determines how may dots end up on each line (`fact #4`).

#### 1D
No changes may be made to `index.html`, `style.css` may only have one line added which is described there. Use Javascript to select the grid and then use two loops to add the dots to it.

#### 1E
No changes may be made to `index.html` or `style.css`. Use the Javascript code from 1D to generate the dots again, but this time instead of just adding dots give them a `background-color` which is also generated by Javascipt.

#### 1F
Same as E except that this time instead of using RGB colors you will use HEX colors

#### 1G
There's a basic jQuery plugin template provided here, copy your color methods over from 1E and edit the loops in such a way that they use data-attributes correctly.
